Update winning-over-clients.md (#20171)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/winning-over-clients.md

- Fast development speed ensures project will be on time
- Ease of making development changes helps keep project under budget
- Lower hosting cost helps keep project under budget

> - Fast performing websites which reduces page load and response time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fast performing websites which reduce page load and response time
```

> - Helps in making highly scalable and dynamic apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports creation of highly scalable and dynamic apps
```

> - Rich plugin ecosystem which helps tackle complex codes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rich plugin ecosystem which helps tackle complex code
```
